2015-03-05-npm-local-modules-and-you/slides.md, before:

```
  _   _ _____  __  __                                            
 | \ | |  __ \|  \/  |                                           
 |  \| | |__) | \  / |                                           
 | . ` |  ___/| |\/| |                                           
 | |\  | |    | |  | |_                                          
 |_| \_|_|    |_|  |_( )_   __  __           _       _           
 | |                 |/| | |  \/  |         | |     | |          
 | |     ___   ___ __ _| | | \  / | ___   __| |_   _| | ___  ___ 
 | |    / _ \ / __/ _` | | | |\/| |/ _ \ / _` | | | | |/ _ \/ __|
 | |___| (_) | (_| (_| | | | |  | | (_) | (_| | |_| | |  __/\__ \
 |______\___/ \___\__,_|_| |_|  |_|\___/ \__,_|\__,_|_|\___||___/
                  _  __     __                                   
                 | | \ \   / /                                   
   __ _ _ __   __| |  \ \_/ /__  _   _                           
  / _` | '_ \ / _` |   \   / _ \| | | |                          
 | (_| | | | | (_| |    | | (_) | |_| |                          
  \__,_|_| |_|\__,_|    |_|\___/ \__,_|                          
                                                                 
                                               
```
AmsterdamJS
yoshua wuyts
2015-03-05

---
# hello, I'm yoshua

Nice to meet you

---
# and I use npm

Do you?

---
# unix
- been around since the 1970's
- principles have also been around since then
- still used in every day computing

---
# unix

> Architectures should not be supplied by frameworks. Frameworks are tools to
> be used, not architectures to be conformed to. If your architecture is based
> on frameworks, then it cannot be based on your use cases.

– Uncle Bob Martin, "Screaming Architecture"

---
# unix

> Loose coupling is an approach to interconnecting the components in a system
> or network so that those components, also called elements, depend on each
> other to the least extent practicable. Coupling refers to the degree of
> direct knowledge that one element has of another.

- wikipedia on loose coupling

---
# unix

Commit message:

local-modules: add screaming architecture

2015-03-05-npm-local-modules-and-you/slides.md, after:

```
  _   _ _____  __  __                                            
 | \ | |  __ \|  \/  |                                           
 |  \| | |__) | \  / |                                           
 | . ` |  ___/| |\/| |                                           
 | |\  | |    | |  | |_                                          
 |_| \_|_|    |_|  |_( )_   __  __           _       _           
 | |                 |/| | |  \/  |         | |     | |          
 | |     ___   ___ __ _| | | \  / | ___   __| |_   _| | ___  ___ 
 | |    / _ \ / __/ _` | | | |\/| |/ _ \ / _` | | | | |/ _ \/ __|
 | |___| (_) | (_| (_| | | | |  | | (_) | (_| | |_| | |  __/\__ \
 |______\___/ \___\__,_|_| |_|  |_|\___/ \__,_|\__,_|_|\___||___/
                  _  __     __                                   
                 | | \ \   / /                                   
   __ _ _ __   __| |  \ \_/ /__  _   _                           
  / _` | '_ \ / _` |   \   / _ \| | | |                          
 | (_| | | | | (_| |    | | (_) | |_| |                          
  \__,_|_| |_|\__,_|    |_|\___/ \__,_|                          
                                                                 
                                               
```
AmsterdamJS
yoshua wuyts
2015-03-05

---
# hello, I'm yoshua

Nice to meet you

---
# and I use npm

Do you?

---
# unix
- been around since the 1970's
- principles have also been around since then
- still used in every day computing

---
# unix

When you look at the top level directory structure, and the source files 
in the highest level package; do they scream: Health Care System, 
or Accounting System, or Inventory Management System? Or do they scream: 
Rails, or Spring/Hibernate, or ASP?

– Uncle Bob Martin, "Screaming Architecture"

---
# unix

> Loose coupling is an approach to interconnecting the components in a system
> or network so that those components, also called elements, depend on each
> other to the least extent practicable. Coupling refers to the degree of
> direct knowledge that one element has of another.

- wikipedia on loose coupling

---
# unix
